Tech :
  
  I've spent my time playing around with all the commands that I've learnt throughout the video including pushing to the github.
  I've deleted the repository made in the video and made a new one with called "workspace" and created all the sprint files for me to access the files efficiently for the future.
  
  Command Line:
    - How would you describe the command line in plain English in a couple of sentences? Can you think of an analogy for it?
      I would say command line could be described as a primitive method of interacting directories and files on our local system.

    - Did you stick to the timebox guidelines? If not, what change would you make next time?
      I managed to stick most of them to the timebox guidelines, however I've spent a long time organizing the folders and files including pushing to the github.

    - Name five commands you used and what they do.
      cd = changes the directory that you are in to a different one.
      mkdir = make a new directory.
      mv = changes the name of the file or the directory.
      ls = lists the file and directories of the directory you are in.
      cat = outputs the contents of the file.

    - Did you learn anything unexpected?
      Yes a lot! I've learn many new commands that I did not know of and got to practise a bunch. Starting to get confident with the commands.

  Version Control with Git:
    - What's the difference between Git and GitHub?
      Git is the version control software meaning it makes the push, pull and all the other actions work to communicate with one and another.
      Github is the service company that we could visually access through website.
    
    - Can you think of an analogy to describe them?
      Not a perfect analogy, but Github could be the social media we use everyday lives like Facebook and Git could be the software used for it.

    - Do you think you would still remember the difference a week from now if you didn't revisit the material?
      Yes, I believe I've understand the difference between the two well enough.
    
    - Did you stick to the timebox suggestions? If not, why not?
      Yes, I managed my time well.

    

Human Skills:
